Update changelog to be more concise (#87)
FreeRTOS/coreHTTP: CHANGELOG.md

### Updates

>  - [#83](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreHTTP/pull/83) Implement transport send and receive retry timeouts in coreHTTP. This change adds a timestamp callback function, to the HTTPResponse_t struct, and new configuration macros to set the transport send and receive retry timeouts. Because of the HTTPResponse_t struct field addition, this change is potentially not backwards compatible.

Reviewer: what do you think of this? "Implement transport send and receive retry timeouts in coreHTTP. This change adds a timestamp callback function to the HTTPResponse_t struct, and new configuration macros to set the transport send and receive retry timeouts. Due to the HTTPResponse_t struct field addition, coreHTTP v2.0.0 is not backward compatible under certain conditions."

Author: That looks great thanks.
```suggestion
 - [#83](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/coreHTTP/pull/83) Implement transport send and receive retry timeouts in coreHTTP. This change adds a timestamp callback function to the HTTPResponse_t struct, and new configuration macros to set the transport send and receive retry timeouts. Due to the HTTPResponse_t struct field addition, coreHTTP v2.0.0 is not backward compatible under certain conditions.
```
